Adds two known issues for Kuryr and OpenStack (#36661)
openshift/openshift-docs: release_notes/ocp-4-9-release-notes.adoc

{product-title} 4.9 introduces the following notable technical changes.

[discrete]
[id="octavia-ovn-nodeport-changes"]
==== Octavia OVN NodePort changes

> Previously, opening traffic on NodePorts were constrained to the CIDR of the node's subnet. In order to support LoadBalancer services using the Octavia Open Virtual Network (OVN) provider, the security group rules allowing NodePort traffic to master and worker nodes are now changed to open `0.0.0.0/0`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Previously, opening traffic on NodePorts were constrained to the CIDR of the node's subnet. In order to support LoadBalancer services using the Octavia Open Virtual Network (OVN) provider, the security group rules that allow NodePort traffic to master and worker nodes are now changed to open `0.0.0.0/0`. 
```

Reviewer: small clarity suggestion

> Previously, opening traffic on NodePorts were constrained to the CIDR of the node's subnet. In order to support LoadBalancer services using the Octavia Open Virtual Network (OVN) provider, the security group rules that allow NodePort traffic to master and worker nodes are now changed to open `0.0.0.0/0`. 

Reviewer 2: This definitely needs a notion that it's only affecting OpenStack deployments, otherwise it'll be scary for users running on other clouds.

[discrete]
[id="osp-loadbalancer-configuration-changes"]
==== OpenStack Platform LoadBalancer configuration changes

> The {rh-openstack-first} cloud provider LoadBalancer configuration now defaults to `use-octavia=True`. An exception to this rule is when deploying with Kuryr, in which case `use-octavia` is set to `false`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The {rh-openstack-first} cloud provider LoadBalancer configuration now defaults to `use-octavia=True`. An exception to this rule is a deployment with with Kuryr, in which case `use-octavia` is set to `false`. 
```

Reviewer: another similar wording suggestion

> The {rh-openstack-first} cloud provider LoadBalancer configuration now defaults to `use-octavia=True`. An exception to this rule is a deployment with Kuryr, in which case `use-octavia` is set to `false`. 

Reviewer 2: I'd change last sentence to:

> An exception to this rule is a deployment with Kuryr, in which case `use-octavia` is set to `false`, as Kuryr handles LoadBalancer services on its own.

{product-title} 4.9 introduces the following notable technical changes.

[discrete]
[id="octavia-ovn-nodeport-changes"]
==== Octavia OVN NodePort changes

> Previously, on {rh-openstack-first} deployments, opening traffic on NodePorts were constrained to the CIDR of the node's subnet. In order to support LoadBalancer services using the Octavia Open Virtual Network (OVN) provider, the security group rules that allow NodePort traffic to master and worker nodes are now changed to open `0.0.0.0/0`. 

Reviewer 2: "opening traffic on NodePorts were constrained" - shouldn't it be "was"? Just sounds weird to me, but I'm not a native speaker. ;)

* The `oc annotate` command does not work for LDAP group names that contain an equal sign (`=`), because the command uses the equal sign as a delimiter between the annotation name and value. As a workaround, use `oc patch` or `oc edit` to add the annotation. (link:https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=1917280[*BZ#1917280*])

* An Open Virtual Network (OVN) bug causes persistent connectivity issues with Octavia load balancers. When Octavia load balancers are created, OVN might not plug them into some Neutron subnets. These load balancers might be unreachable for some of the Neutron subnets. This problem affects Neutron subnets which are created for each OpenShift namespace at random when Kuryr is configured. As a result, when this problem occurs the load balancer that implements OpenShift `Service` objects will be unreachable from OpenShift namespaces affected by the issue. Because of this bug, {product-title} 4.8 deployments that use Kuanotherryr SDN are not recommended on {rh-openstack-first} 16.1 with OVN and OVN Octavia configured until the bug is fixed. (link:https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=1937392[*BZ#1937392*])

> * Installations on {rh-openstack-first} with Kuryr will not work if configured with a cluster-wide proxy when the cluster-wide proxy is required to access {rh-openstack} APIs. (link:https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=1985486[*BZ#1985486*])

Reviewer 2: Should we mention that we'll most likely backport a fix in z-stream?

// TODO: This known issue should carry forward to 4.9 and beyond!
* The `oc annotate` command does not work for LDAP group names that contain an equal sign (`=`), because the command uses the equal sign as a delimiter between the annotation name and value. As a workaround, use `oc patch` or `oc edit` to add the annotation. (link:https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=1917280[*BZ#1917280*])

> * An Open Virtual Network (OVN) bug causes persistent connectivity issues with Octavia load balancers. When Octavia load balancers are created, OVN might not plug them into some Neutron subnets. These load balancers might be unreachable for some of the Neutron subnets. This problem affects Neutron subnets which are created for each OpenShift namespace at random when Kuryr is configured. As a result, when this problem occurs the load balancer that implements OpenShift `Service` objects will be unreachable from OpenShift namespaces affected by the issue. Because of this bug, {product-title} 4.8 deployments that use Kuryr SDN are not recommended on {rh-openstack-first} 16.1 with OVN and OVN Octavia configured. This will be fixed in a future release of {rh-openstack}. (link:https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=1937392[*BZ#1937392*])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* An Open Virtual Network (OVN) bug causes persistent connectivity issues with Octavia load balancers. When Octavia load balancers are created, OVN might not plug them into some Neutron subnets. These load balancers might be unreachable for some of the Neutron subnets. This problem affects Neutron subnets, which are created for each OpenShift namespace at random when Kuryr is configured. As a result, when this problem occurs the load balancer that implements OpenShift `Service` objects will be unreachable from OpenShift namespaces affected by the issue. Because of this bug, {product-title} 4.8 deployments that use Kuryr SDN are not recommended on {rh-openstack-first} 16.1 with OVN and OVN Octavia configured. This will be fixed in a future release of {rh-openstack}. (link:https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=1937392[*BZ#1937392*])
```

> * An Open Virtual Network (OVN) bug causes persistent connectivity issues with Octavia load balancers. When Octavia load balancers are created, OVN might not plug them into some Neutron subnets. These load balancers might be unreachable for some of the Neutron subnets. This problem affects Neutron subnets which are created for each OpenShift namespace at random when Kuryr is configured. As a result, when this problem occurs the load balancer that implements OpenShift `Service` objects will be unreachable from OpenShift namespaces affected by the issue. Because of this bug, {product-title} 4.8 deployments that use Kuanotherryr SDN are not recommended on {rh-openstack-first} 16.1 with OVN and OVN Octavia configured. This will be fixed in a future release of {rh-openstack}. (link:https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=1937392[*BZ#1937392*])

Reviewer 2: Kuanotherryr? ;)

Author: weird lol.
